doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/caveats.md, before:

# caveats

Sometimes there are particularities with the installation of a piece of software that cannot or should not be handled programmatically by Homebrew-Cask. In those instances, `caveats` is the way to inform the user. Information in `caveats` is displayed when a cask is invoked with either `install` or `info`.

To avoid flooding users with too many messages (thus desensitising them to the important ones), `caveats` should be used sparingly and exclusively for installation-related matters. If you’re not sure a `caveat` you find pertinent is installation-related or not, ask a maintainer. As a general rule, if your case isn’t already covered in our comprehensive [`caveats Mini-DSL`](#caveats-mini-dsl), it’s unlikely to be accepted.

## caveats as a String

When `caveats` is a string, it is evaluated at compile time. The following methods are available for interpolation if `caveats` is placed in its customary position at the end of the Cask:

| method             | description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `token`            | the Cask token
| `version`          | the Cask version
| `homepage`         | the Cask homepage
| `caskroom_path`    | the containing directory for all staged Casks, typically `/usr/local/Caskroom` (only available with block form)
| `staged_path`      | the staged location for this Cask, including version number: `/usr/local/Caskroom/{{token}}/{{version}}` (only available with block form)

Example:

```ruby
caveats "Using #{token} is hazardous to your health."
```

## caveats as a Block

When `caveats` is a Ruby block, evaluation is deferred until install time. Within a block you may refer to the `@cask` instance variable, and invoke any method available on `@cask`.

## caveats Mini-DSL

There is a mini-DSL available within `caveats` blocks.

The following methods may be called to generate standard warning messages:

| method                            | description |
| --------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `path_environment_variable(path)` | users should make sure `path` is in their `$PATH` environment variable
| `zsh_path_helper(path)`           | zsh users must take additional steps to make sure `path` is in their `$PATH` environment variable
| `depends_on_java(version)`        | users should make sure they have the specified version of java installed. `version` can be exact (e.g. `6`), a minimum (e.g. `7+`), or omitted (when any version works).
| `logout`                          | users should log out and log back in to complete installation
| `reboot`                          | users should reboot to complete installation
| `files_in_usr_local`              | the Cask installs files to `/usr/local`, which may confuse Homebrew
| `discontinued`                    | all software development has been officially discontinued upstream
| `free_license(web_page)`          | users may get an official license to use the software at `web_page`
| `malware(radar_number)`           | app has been reported to bundle malware. See [the FAQ](https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/blob/master/doc/faq/apps_with_malware.md) for the necessary steps.

Example:

```ruby
caveats do
  path_environment_variable '/usr/texbin'
end
```

Commit message:

Add info about KEXT to caveats documentation (#44016)
* Add info about KEXT to caveats documentation

* Update caveats.md

* Update caveats.md

doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/caveats.md, after:

# caveats

Sometimes there are particularities with the installation of a piece of software that cannot or should not be handled programmatically by Homebrew-Cask. In those instances, `caveats` is the way to inform the user. Information in `caveats` is displayed when a cask is invoked with either `install` or `info`.

To avoid flooding users with too many messages (thus desensitising them to the important ones), `caveats` should be used sparingly and exclusively for installation-related matters. If you’re not sure a `caveat` you find pertinent is installation-related or not, ask a maintainer. As a general rule, if your case isn’t already covered in our comprehensive [`caveats Mini-DSL`](#caveats-mini-dsl), it’s unlikely to be accepted.

## caveats as a String

When `caveats` is a string, it is evaluated at compile time. The following methods are available for interpolation if `caveats` is placed in its customary position at the end of the Cask:

| method             | description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| `token`            | the Cask token
| `version`          | the Cask version
| `homepage`         | the Cask homepage
| `caskroom_path`    | the containing directory for all staged Casks, typically `/usr/local/Caskroom` (only available with block form)
| `staged_path`      | the staged location for this Cask, including version number: `/usr/local/Caskroom/{{token}}/{{version}}` (only available with block form)

Example:

```ruby
caveats "Using #{token} is hazardous to your health."
```

## caveats as a Block

When `caveats` is a Ruby block, evaluation is deferred until install time. Within a block you may refer to the `@cask` instance variable, and invoke any method available on `@cask`.

## caveats Mini-DSL

There is a mini-DSL available within `caveats` blocks.

The following methods may be called to generate standard warning messages:

| method                            | description |
| --------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `path_environment_variable(path)` | users should make sure `path` is in their `$PATH` environment variable.
| `zsh_path_helper(path)`           | zsh users must take additional steps to make sure `path` is in their `$PATH` environment variable.
| `depends_on_java(version)`        | users should make sure they have the specified version of java installed. `version` can be exact (e.g. `6`), a minimum (e.g. `7+`), or omitted (when any version works).
| `logout`                          | users should log out and log back in to complete installation.
| `reboot`                          | users should reboot to complete installation.
| `files_in_usr_local`              | the Cask installs files to `/usr/local`, which may confuse Homebrew.
| `discontinued`                    | all software development has been officially discontinued upstream.
| `free_license(web_page)`          | users may get an official license to use the software at `web_page`.
| `malware(radar_number)`           | app has been reported to bundle malware. See [the FAQ](https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/blob/master/doc/faq/apps_with_malware.md) for the necessary steps.
| `kext`                            | users may need to enable their kexts in System Preferences → Security & Privacy → General.

Example:

```ruby
caveats do
  path_environment_variable '/usr/texbin'
end
```
