doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/sha256.md, before:

# sha256

## Calculating the SHA256

The `sha256` value is usually calculated by the command:

```bash
$ shasum -a 256 <file>
```

## Special Value `:no_check`

The special value `sha256 :no_check` is used to turn off SHA checking whenever checksumming is impractical due to the upstream configuration.

`version :latest` requires `sha256 :no_check`, and this pairing is common. However, `sha256 :no_check` does not require `version :latest`.

We use a checksum whenever possible.

## Updating the SHA256

When updating the `sha256` stanza of an existing Cask, the `version` also has to have changed. Otherwise, the new checksum has to be confirmed. This is necessary to help rule out malicious tampering.

The confirmation of the updated `sha256` should ideally be publicly available. Specifically:

 - By the developer:
   - If confirmed on Twitter, @mention [@homebrewcask](https://twitter.com/homebrewcask).
   - If confirmed on GitHub, @mention [one of the Homebrew-Cask maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/caskroom/people).
   - Otherwise, post a link to the developer's confirmation.
 - By codesign:
   - If the Cask is an `.app` that is [codesigned](https://developer.apple.com/legacy/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/codesign.1.html) (in a `.dmg` or `.zip` container) it can be uploaded and verified using [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com/) by looking at the “File Details” tab. 
   
     Here's an example for [Brave-0.18.14.dmg](https://www.virustotal.com/en/file/0a3d15b924a4ad85a51d3c1b62943ea6aa92381a80bea4933284174fd0c13f11/analysis/):
   
     <img src="https://i.imgur.com/iW9NhEH.png" width="1280px" alt="VirusTotal codesigning">

Maintainers will confirm the VirusTotal submission is legitimate by comparing its `sha256` with the one on the updated cask.

Commit message:

Update sha256.md (#39565)
* sha256.md: VirusTotal needs Signature Info

* Update sha256.md

[skip ci]

* sha256

[skip ci]

* Update sha256.md

[skip ci]

* sha256

[skip ci]

doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/sha256.md, after:

# sha256

## Calculating the SHA256

The `sha256` value is usually calculated by the command:

```bash
$ shasum -a 256 <file>
```

## Special Value `:no_check`

The special value `sha256 :no_check` is used to turn off SHA checking whenever checksumming is impractical due to the upstream configuration.

`version :latest` requires `sha256 :no_check`, and this pairing is common. However, `sha256 :no_check` does not require `version :latest`.

We use a checksum whenever possible.

## Updating the SHA256

When updating the `sha256` stanza of an existing Cask, the `version` also has to have changed. Otherwise, the new checksum has to be confirmed. This is necessary to help rule out malicious tampering.

The confirmation of the updated `sha256` should ideally be publicly available. Specifically:

- Post a link to the developer's confirmation.

- If the Cask is an `.app` that is [codesigned](https://developer.apple.com/legacy/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/codesign.1.html) (in a `.dmg` or `.zip` container) it can be uploaded and verified using [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com/) by looking at the “Details” tab. 

   **If there is no *Signature Info* section, VirusTotal verification is not enough**.

   Maintainers will confirm the VirusTotal submission is legitimate by comparing its `sha256` with the one on the updated cask.
   
   Here's an example for [Brave-0.18.36.dmg](https://www.virustotal.com/#/file/0aa0ebfd310a627f4ba50c518bd141764a4b0335d5bc244d3cc8fa1538bfaef0/details):
   
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/Jiyllps.png" width="1080px" alt="VirusTotal codesigning">
