doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/zap.md, before:

# zap

## zap Stanza Purpose

The `zap` stanza describes a more complete uninstallation of files associated with a Cask. The `zap` procedures will never be performed by default, but only if the user invokes the `zap` verb:

```bash
$ brew cask zap td-toolbelt             # also removes org.ruby-lang.installer
```

`zap` stanzas may remove:

* Preference files and caches stored within the user’s `~/Library` directory.
* Shared resources such as application updaters. Since shared resources may be removed, other applications may be affected by `brew cask zap`. Understanding that is the responsibility of the end user.

`zap` stanzas should not remove:

* Files created by the user directly.

## zap Stanza Syntax

The form of `zap` stanza follows the [`uninstall` stanza](uninstall.md). All of the same directives are available. Unlike with `uninstall`, however, `delete:` is not discouraged in `zap`.

Example: [injection.rb](https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/blob/312ae841f1f1b2ec07f4d88b7dfdd7fbdf8d4f94/Casks/injection.rb#L16)

Commit message:

Update usage guidelines for keys `trash:` and `delete:` (#40386)
* Update uninstall.md to reflect change in `trash`

`trash` does move files to Trash, and is no longer a synonym for `delete`.

* Update uninstall.md

* Added guideline for when to use `trash:`

* Added "application support" to `trash:` guideline

* Add `trash:` usage guideline

* Remove `trash:` guideline

Keeping only basic explanation of syntax and functionality.

* Changed example

Changed the example of usage to one more comprehensive, using both `delete:` and `trash:` to delete different kinds of data, namely [dropbox.rb](https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/blob/4690b1cfe65ab4bec1b1a2545e2275450aba52d5/Casks/dropbox.rb#L26)

* Fixed line anchor link within example URL

To refer to all relevant lines.

* Edited sections about `trash:` and `delete:`

* Added more detail about which key to use in `zap`

* Changed example link to include `delete:` lines.

* update to use `trash` only

* Update zap.md

doc/cask_language_reference/stanzas/zap.md, after:

# zap

## zap Stanza Purpose

The `zap` stanza describes a more complete uninstallation of files associated with a Cask. The `zap` procedures will never be performed by default, but only if the user invokes the `zap` verb:

```bash
$ brew cask zap td-toolbelt             # also removes org.ruby-lang.installer
```

`zap` stanzas may remove:

* Preference files and caches stored within the user’s `~/Library` directory.
* Shared resources such as application updaters. Since shared resources may be removed, other applications may be affected by `brew cask zap`. Understanding that is the responsibility of the end user.

`zap` stanzas should not remove:

* Files created by the user directly.

## zap Stanza Syntax

The form of `zap` stanza follows the [`uninstall` stanza](uninstall.md). All of the same directives are available. The `trash:` key is preferred over `delete:`.

Example: [dropbox.rb](https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/blob/31cd96cc0e00dab1bff74d622e32d816bafd1f6f/Casks/dropbox.rb#L17-L35)
